Update RFC-0140 (#3083)
tari-project/tari: RFC/src/RFC-0140_Syncing_and_seeding.md

When a new node comes online, loses connection or encounters a chain reorganization that is longer than it can tolerate, 
it must enter syncing mode. This will allow it to recover its state to the newest up-to-date state. Syncing can be 
divided into two [SynchronizationStrategy]s: complete sync and horizon sync. Complete sync means that the node 
communicates with an archive node to get the complete history of every single block from genesis block. Horizon Sync 
involves the node getting every block from its [pruning horizon] to [current head], as well as every block header 
up to the genesis block. 

> To determine if the node needs to synchronise the node will monitor the broadcast chain_metadata provided by its neighbours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine if the node needs to synchronise, the node will monitor the broadcasted chain_metadata provided by it's neighbours.
```

Author: nope

   the genesis block.
5. Download all block up to [current head], validating and adding the blocks to the local chain storage as we go.
6. Once all blocks have been downloaded up and including the current network tip set the [SynchronizationState] to 
   `listening`.

After this process, the node will be in sync, and will be able to process blocks and transactions normally as they 
arrive.  

#### Horizon Sync Process

The horizon sync process MUST be done in the following steps:

1. Set [SynchronizationState] to `header_sync`.
2. Sync all missing headers from the genesis block to the current chain tip. The initial header sync allows the node to
   confirm that the syncing peer does indeed have a fully intact chain from which to sync that adheres to this nodes
   consensus rules and has a valid proof-of-work that is higher than any competing chains.
3. Set [SynchronizationState] to `horizon_sync`.
4. Download all kernels from the current network tip back to this node's [pruning horizon].
5. Validate kernel MMR root against headers.
6. Download all [utxo]'s from the current network tip back to this node's [pruning horizon].
7. Validate outputs and [utxo] MMR.

> 8. Once all kernels and [utxo]s have been downloaded from the network tip back to this node's [pruning horizon] set 

Reviewer: Step 8  should be validate balance by comparing the utxo set to the total accumulated balance.
Step 9 should be do block sync to get to the listing state. 

horizon sync, only syncs to the horizon before handing over to normal block sync, it is also the only piece of code currently to check the total chain emmision

Author: Ok updated, but just to confirm you are saying that only the horizon sync checks the total chain emission. Why isn't that done with normal block sync?

Reviewer: Its done indirectly. 
So normal block propagation only checks that that single block has the correct emission for its height. 
It checks that:
`outputs - inputs = emission of that height. `
So it only checks that the block has increased the total emission by the emission value of that height. If you do this for every block, you can assume that the total is also correct. 

Horizon sync does not check every block, so it needs to check that:
`sum(all_ouputs)  = total accumulated emission at that height.`
It has no blocks to check that the block emission was correct.
